# CS-360-Moblie


For this project, I chose the Weight Tracker Application. The requirements are the user's ability to enter and delete daily weight entries, a log-in and sign-up screen, a data visualization of previous weight entries, and an SMS persuasion screen for when the user reaches their target weight. After logging in or signing up, users will go to the main screen. Here, they can view their data entries, then click to proceed to the data entry screen, where the code stores the data and provides a viewer to display the data. The application will also prompt users to permit SMS notifications to use the app. 
The app's design keeps users in mind; it is easy to navigate, easy to learn, and uses engaging brand colors to help users feel they are making a great choice when using the app. Some strategies I used were to create mock paper wireframes for design choices, to follow industry best practices for coding, and to maintain and reuse code for easier building. These strategies and best practices will help reduce build time, limit problems, and ensure precise documentation of requirements, which could help save money down the line. Ensuring the application would behave correctly, I manually tested every part of the code in the Android Emulator, Testing screen swapping, data entry, deletion, and SMS permission requirements. Once the requirements were completed, I focused on the design.
The biggest challenge I had to overcome was the data visualization on the main screen. At first, I had to code in the main activity in Java. When it was located here, I had issues with screen transfer and data retention. I then decided to put the data storage in its own Java file to be called in the main activity. After I made this change, everything started functioning as intended. Overcoming this challenge demonstrated my ability to solve problems and correct code efficiently.
